[Event Hubs] updates changelog and docs for preview 3 (#5078)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/README.md

that you provide, allowing you to focus on business logic while the processor holds responsibility for managing the underlying consumer
operations including checkpointing and load balancing.

> While load balancing is typically useful when running multiples instances of `EventProcessor` across multiple processes or even hosts,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load balancing is typically useful when running multiple instances of `EventProcessor` across multiple processes or even machines,
```

> you can see it action in the below example, where we use an [InMemoryPartitionManager](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk-for-js/event-hubs/classes/inmemorypartitionmanager.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see it action in the below example, where we use an [InMemoryPartitionManager](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk-for-js/event-hubs/classes/inmemorypartitionmanager.html)
```

Reviewer: Re-word to suggest that one would want to use a durable store, but for now or for getting started you can use the in memory stuff
